# What is Vue JS?
Vue JS is a JavaScript framework that focuses on adaptability. It is called Vue JS because it's core library focuses on view layer by default. Vue JS is a lightweight framework that is easy to learn and use. 
# What are the benefits of using Vue JS?
Vue JS comes with a smaller file size. While a React App can be 1-2 M, a Vue JS app can be 50-100kb. A lot of irrelevant dependencies do not get installed with the framework. The entire package sixe of Vue can be 21kb. The virtual DOM of Vue JS speeds up rendering. Vue JS has a very active community and is not going anywhere. Vue JS has vue-router for routing and Vuex for state management. 
# What are the disadvantages of using Vue JS?
Vue JS is still very new compared to other frameworks. Older libraires or plugins that are compatible with other older frameworks may not be compatible with Vue JS. For example, daterangepicker library from www.daterangepicker.com is not compatible with Vue JS. It is also mostly developed by Chinese developers so many of its documentations are not in English. 
# What are the major features of Vue JS?
1. Vue JS uses virtual DOM. Virtual DOM is when a virtual representation of the UI is kept in memory and is synced and compared with the real DOM. The real DOM is updated only where changes have been made. The virtual DOM enables efficient DOM updates by minimizing the number of changes applied to the real DOM. Vue JS handles DOM updates automatically in the background. 
2. Vue JS uses components, such components can be reused. For example, you may build a Footer as a separate component in Vue JS and we may need to add the Footer component in every page. No need to design a footer for each page, just reuse the footer component. Vue-router can be used to navigate through components. Many people say that routers are used to navigate through pages. I disagree routers are actually naviagting through components put together while creating a new URL.
3. Vue JS have state management just like React. 
